our [Music]
future High purple you work you H
purple high purple high purple my you work you hot
purple hot purple hot purple making pale juice the
impending doom it was herses all over but the crying all that [__] they was trying at the gates of Babylon Money
Changes flipping tables rearrangers hot purple slangers media Shield work you
it's a banger smile away from the tree line the man of rain riding into the
sunset Madia Dragon Venom jeweling the Lotus amethyst serpent the need for anti
venom is urgent a CA work it seash shell purple dialectric waterf flow Castle
Franco Vampirella bellisima the dope is hot purple media she will work you the
circuit is an anal Lima to FAA the boss heliocentric Cult of the crow Athena run
the sky for the Mio try a little bit of death of a cush
on a TR head full of zombies original sources ionic Omni H
purple work you high purple high
purple high purple you [Music]
work welcome back to Lady Babylon I have something for you tonight we're going
forward we usually go in the past tonight we're going in the future the me
look at how far into the future we came minus that was brilliant what have I got
for you we're going forward we're going forward on this tiny 8
Mbps Highway of the internet we're going to go forward with that little bit we're
going to squeeze out the future and I'm going to bring it to you tonight exactly hail the Muse nice job
what we're going to do is I'm going to shock you I'm going to shock you and it's going to feel funny and this is how
the Machinery works we bounce an echo off of
history and it will reflect back the outline of our future it's a technique
that people have been using for the longest of time yes fantastic fantastic
let's go right into it where are we going to step off everybody get off the ship right we're only going a little bit
ahead right so tonight we're running off the ship we're going to have a some
quotes here for you hit me with the first one chewy hit me with the first
one yeah the ship is not reacting the same here we go here we go watch this
people under Constantine where have we bounced our Echo off we've bounced it off the fourth Century right here we go
and by the way the devil has authorized me to give this to you I know that the
spreading of future is not looked lightly
upon yeah you can get yourself in a lot of quantum courtroom business tinkering
with that but I have been authorized to bring it to you so contract fulfilled
this is gorgeous where did we bounce where do we bounce our sonar off we
bounced it off the fourth Century we're about 320 anod Domin get out and smell
the air are you ready Constantine steps up you know who he is he is the
Emperor who made Christianity this power of the
state he's the one who did it he embraced that 30% and he rose to power
isn't this fantastic he used them he used them to maintain absolute
control and in doing so he made some laws he made some laws here's one
magicians and such who use their art against the minds of men are guilty and
shall be punished however to use the art for good you know like good weather
that's okay but you're messing with people's minds you're messing with their
minds H okay who's he talking about you and me and everybody who is not a monest
a follower of the Christ that's who he's talking about he's talking about all of us here's another one magicians and such
wh give me the next one JY sorry I jumped ahead bum Constantine gives Christians the
right to take their cases before an ecclesiastical Court rather than a
secular Court okay did you feel the echo did you feel the wave come back to you
where you're sitting right now you see get on your Thrones get on your Thrones
this is exercising the Throne of Satan are you ready we bounce that signal it
comes back to us and what do we get reflected we get a judicial system that
is usurped by the monists a judicial system that is
usurped they cases don't go to secular courts they go to religious courts and
you know how it is when you let those foxes police themselves you understand
are you going to be surprised about what's how it's going to turn Society over as soon and you have to do this
with one person you have to have a deified tyrant right you must how is
that Tyrant deified that Tyrant is deified when God steps forward and
crowns him by saying hey I'm gonna move this
bullet a little bit just a little bit to the side you are faded to be the king you
are faded we love you we love you Cyclops we love you we love your power
this is the age that we're making wealth great again
how are we going to do that cuz we're going to make America wealthy cuz that
is your core that is your core your greed stains
your souls with a stench of ruin the only reason the devil gave me the
authorization to reveal to you the future is because it is our
punishment your greed stains your soul with a stench of
Ruin make us wealthy again make us wealthy again we love you we love you
Lord we love you H Satan we love you give me the next one give me the next
one make a we're gonna eat it tonight people we're gonna eat it now what people after Constantine now here's one
constantius what did he do he declares a curse on those who perform the magic arts and there thereby jeopardize the
lives of innocent persons wait a minute you mean the magic
Arts can jeopardize people's lives and bamboozle their
heads I think I'm beginning to see project
Talos give me the next one give me the next one boom right to the next Universe whoops there we are here's a couple more
constanti just thank you anyone who consults Sous on account of curios it of the future will suffer capital
punishment Capital off with your heads now you're sitting there and you're hearing these
pings and you're feeling this wave return of your future and you're saying
oh my goodness capital punishment capital punishment for
witches bro capital punishment for people who delve into areas they should
delve coming for you it's coming for you even a high ranking person convicted of
Wizardry will face torture do you know why because the Beast is coming the
documents are obvious the Beast is coming you didn't realize you were being
dragged toward apocalypse who do you think is doing it
they're pumping their fists right in your face right right now and when they talk about Americans they don't mean you
and me no they mean themselves and all those
who worship the God man do you worship the God man do you love him let me hear
some love for the God man chewy throw me some love in a minute with that fist
what is the fist of power that is being raised it's a symbol that is used
throughout time and it Heralds
violence it does it does give me the give me the let's love let's love the
Lord and Savior give it to me thank you thank you very
much where is is the passion Have You Ever Loved a politician Have You Ever
Loved a leader have you ever wept when that
leader that leader was blessed by the almighty that leader is here only
because the bullet missed by an inch do you know what that is that is
Providence that is the hand of God tell me tell me what it is
I'm not supposed to be here tonight not supposed to be here yes you are
yeah
got thank you I stand before you in this Arena only by the grace of almighty
[Applause] God in watching the reports over the
last few days many people say it was a providential moment probably
was there is one amendment that can stop
all of this because this this is not politics this is church this is State
church with its own god wow do you see the tears I've never
seen an audience shed so much for a person who would take away
their freedom that's what we deserve do you see the punishment keep your eyes
open Watch as we punish ourselves watch do you feel that sickness in your
stomach that's Clockwork Orange baby give me one more give me one more of those clips let's just hit it the last
start expecting and demanding the best leadership in the world leadership that is bold Dynamic Relentless and fearless
we can do that we are Americans ambition is our heritage greatness is our
Birthright but as long as our energies are spent fighting each other our destiny will remain Out Of Reach and
that's not acceptable we must instead take that energy and use it to realize
our country's true potential and write our own thrilling chapter of the American story we can do
it together we will unite we are going to come together and success will bring us
together
e
e e
oh was that not on oh hey chewy you've got to stay away
from the anyway um I'm sorry about that people tonight's show is horror it's
absolute horror but um who are we talking about we're talking about black robed gangs of people breaking onto
Estates breaking onto temples who are these people they're whether they're wearing black robes or Red Hats um it's
the same group they want to write their own future they want something new and
they've got a tyrant who is going to enable them and all they've got to do is
make the Tyrant and by extension themselves Beyond Justice Beyond Justice
look what he says here he says but those black guard people who eat more than elephants and demand a large quantity of
liquor from the people who send them drink but who hide their luxury right
they hide their luxury these people oh Emperor even while your law is enforced
they run to the temple they bring with them the stuff to destroy it right and what happens the roofs are uncovered the
walls are pulled down images are carried off altars overturned and the priests have to keep their mouth shut or they
can be killed or they can be killed H it sounds like a radical give
me the EXP it sounds like a radical restructuring of money and power yes it
is and you and I are not part of it we are that which is being restructured
what does libanius tell us he says they therefore spread themselves over the country like Torrance wasting the
countries together with the temples for whenever or wherever they demolish the
Temple of a country at the same time the country itself is blinded declines and
dies for oh emperor the temples are the soul of the
country the temples are the soul of the country you see your Liberty came from
the classical Temple and now what is being pulled down around you is that
classical Temple and it is being replaced with a tyrant it is being
replaced with a tyrant Who is the
giant the Giant and who are we as Athenians who are we as the founders of
democracy and the scientific method we bring down
Giants sick simper tyrannis that's what always happens to the Tyrant look at
your future isn't there potential isn't there glorious potential who is that at
top the capital I think that is Athena the one who lays low the
Tyrant huh let's see if we can come up let's see if we can come up with any Tech it's so slow tonight people I'm
sorry chew's like right okay that's okay we'll deal with it because we've got really good
material there she is there is the Athena right
gorgeous you thought that was a big cross of Jesus Christ maybe Moses holding up his staff
no no on the capital no on our monuments
no it's Athena do you want to know what the religion of American democracy is
it's the worship of Athena it's polytheistic and it knows our democracy
knows the Tyrant cannot be allowed to take power the Tyrant cannot be allowed
to take power and when I say take power I mean
it they cannot stand outside of your
voice you the people they cannot stand outside of it if they
do you're swamped that's it everybody join let's join get your red hats and go
to church and send your kids off to the school so they can learn about Adam and
Eve and they can watch their other little classmates be taken out why did they take out Timmy oh he's got to go to
one of those places for you know those types of people yeah do you think this is the
first time that this has ever happened or will happened you have created a
tyrant who now has the blessing of God
God had to intervene do you understand the minds of the people
that you are living next to do you understand those Minds God
himself loves Donald Trump he is a god king the Cyclops is a
God he says they just don't know it they just don't know what kind of God I
am isn't it gorgeous let's see what else from the past give me another source hopefully oh look it started working
again did you dump some trash out the acceler Ator right hit those asteroids
um nor are they satisfied with this these roving Christians who were going
to be doing this to you they take land they take Estates
they declare it sacred they did this people imagine You'
you have an estate that's been in your family for 300 years and it's on Tuesday
they declared it sacred and you have to move out by Friday so that the church can come in
you know those you know those monists who want to make America wealthy again
they want your wealth isn't that funny you got to stand there you got to stand
there and watch them take it you got to watch them take it because they do now I
am warning you and in the future I'm going to remind you when you're telling
me Oh my God I thought you were just just being hyperbolic I'm going to remind you that
I told you are you ready let's see the future are you ready watch this people here comes let's hit another ping oh God
the ship is so slow tonight here we go I can't don't know if I can do a song and dance this long um let's see if there's
there we go uh for no one is so audacious and so ignorant of the
proceedings of the courts as to think himself more powerful
than the law look at the argument that libanus go ahead and change it now look at the argument libanus is having to
present to the Christian Emperor he's having to present it to the Christian
Emperor here o Emperor I need freedom of speech
here I am again here oh Emperor I need
freedom of speech I need freedom of speech and a few more Mbps I think as
well um but you guys love it you know what I mean it's kind of torturing it's like the Moses by the way um Snappy and
Dion are doing a show on the Moses right this is the whip right so um yeah good
stuff lots of good stuff coming out there's all sorts of great stuff anyway um what does he need go back to that one
real quick I want you to see look um you you're going to get to a point in
the future where you're going to have to argue your right to a fair legal system
to a fair legal system what they did in Rome is the Christians transferred
Justice from the secular authorities who are
polytheistic to themselves they made their own courts as soon as you can over
throw Lady Justice Athena is gone and your democracy is ruined that is what
monism always gravitates toward fantastic now let's get the one
that one boom Fantastic look we're getting better reception that's fantastic tell me good job flying chewy
tell me why this Temple of Fortune is safe so libanus here starts to pull it out he's like dude why is Temple of
Fortune safe why temple of Jupiter manura bacus it's because you would have
them remain no but because no one has given you power over them which
nevertheless you have assumed against those which you have destroyed how then are you not liable to punishment do you
see what happens when you accept the love of a tyrant who promises you wealth
and prosperity do you see what happens you create a box and all of the rest of us
who are outside the box lose everything Praise Jesus Christ thank you
son of God thank you thank you Jesus Christ yeah your little buttock is red
you know
why you know why Jesus it's because
you loved that man Donald Trump and you
turned that bullet just a little bit and now the God is Among Us the God is Among
Us welcome your punishment welcome now if you are not
looking directly into the mirror if you aren't looking at it straight on
you're deceiving yourself and you'll bring upon all of us
the pain of the Tyrant you're going to bring it on us all we're going to watch
we're going to watch you do it we're going to watch you make America wealthy [Music]
again let's get the next one let's get the next one I love this I love this I
tell you what bring it on um now for my part I envy
right the Good Fortune of any man to whom the God has granted to inherit a
body built of the seed of holy and inspired ancestors are you people listen
to this dude are you people full of the seed of inspired ancestors do you know what they thought in Antiquity not not
everybody right you can't make any generalizations but you know what you can pull out of their cult text the
concept that your ancest ERS are sitting there right now watching you imagine
this America imagine Tom Jefferson is watching you right
now it's a good thing that we have that seed within us these are the treasures
of wisdom that is not monest it is not
Christian it is not Jewish it is not Islamic it is polytheistic
a recognition that your ancestors are
participating from a distance isn't that nice you can summon those people you can bring up their
writings and you can bring them out and show people what was in their minds do you know the real origin of American
democracy the real origin of American democracy is in mother Greek it's in the language
you can go down you don't have to believe any of the stories that's not what classical philologists do classical
philologists just translate but what is the benefit of that translation the
benefit is you get to drink from that classical spring and it's
delicious Tyrant after Tyrant after Tyrant show us what's going to happen to you take us to the Future are you ready
um to mankind a theme gives the blessings of wisdom and intelligence and the creative
arts now those of you who are out there who are saying to yourself wait is this polytheism it sounds so
reasonable yeah do you know what Athena is she is that wisdom and intelligence
those creative arts do you love the creative arts do you love wisdom and
intelligence do you worship Athena you better you better because she sets up
justice system and surely she dwells in the capitals of cities didn't you see
she's in our Capital she dwells there the people who set this all up did not
set it up on the basis of Christianity that is fake history it is fake history that's being
sold to you as propaganda and surely she dwells in the capitals of cities because
through her wisdom she has established the community of the
state go ahead the community of the state do you know what your country is
based on your country is based on Athena and the worship of
wisdom and the first the first words out there that First
Amendment says at all you will not create
a state religion nope not going to happen that is exactly what is being
done through the power of the Tyrant a state
sanctioned religion yeah it's cyclical people it
happens it's it's product of nature it happens what do we say I have still to
say a few words about Aphrodite okay what are the gods do we those of us who started democracy what are the gods do
we worship that help us to fight the Tyrant I have still to say a few words about Aphrodite who as the wise men
among the Phoenicians affirm and as I believe assists Helios in the creative
function wait a minute you have a you have a female Creator imagine that imagine that for a
second a female creator let that percolate through your
brain she is in very truth a synthesis of the Heavenly Gods what and in their
Harmony she is the spirit of love and unity now the monis came out and they've
said we are going to unify yeah you're going to unify yourselves and everybody
else you're going to kill or enslave that's the way it works it's
going to be be fast too don't think tyrants don't work slowly they don't they don't need they don't need a
congress right the Congress just becomes a stamp that's how it works when you
transition from some kind of republic or constitutional democracy to an imperial
bureaucracy that's how it works and here we come here we come with tears in their
eyes they're coming and you have to sit there and see it coming because that's our
judgment isn't that gorgeous I told you we were in Hell people I told you we were in hell right who rules this place
who rules this place even the Christians come here naughty naughty naughty naughty agnostics and
and people who are what do they call those people atheists come here stupid son
of you just don't get it you just don't get it
hit me with the next Source hit me with the next Source I just want to see what's going to happen what's going to happen to me and though yeah of that
that continuous birth King Helios is the primary creative cause yet Aphrodite is
the joint cause with him she who enchants our souls with her charm isn't
that nice wouldn't you like to worship a a Divinity that was Charming where's
that charm on Yahoo Yahoo's got no charm he's always killing people he's always
getting people involved in genocide he's got no perfume he's got no
charm who wants to be possessed by that that's the monest I don't care if it's
atin from atin's time or if it's j I don't
care those mons never have charm and personally I like charm charm is a good
thing all of your classical artart has charm watch what happens when the
Byzantine art takes over the charm goes right out of the room haven't you wondered why that is on a Quantum level
why is the charm just rush out of the room why do the art go to garbage you
ever seen those Byzantine stick oh God oh God they're dressed from here to
their ankles they look pale they look like somebody beat them up and they're way waiting to
die bunch of 12 who are those 12 men waiting to die those are the
apostles right oh God oh God make America Charming
again give me the next one give me the next one who else is in our bag people
when we created democracy who else was there with us Hermes and Aries Hermes and Aries are connected
with healing right because what are we worshiping we're worshiping Satan religion this is
of the Sun the moon and the stars this is the power of hacky this is the fury
of dionis and you've got to have the
hermeneutics and you've got to have the war that repulsive Force do you know
what is great about being strong you can honor every
you can honor the ability to push away that which is causing you to
fall right okay so this is all built in it's baked into the Democracy if you are
a tyrant you are everything that is opposed and it doesn't matter if you stand there and say we're the I am the
defender of democracy do you know who says I'm the defender of democracy the
Tyrant I everything out of the Liar's mouth is Bizarro world you just turn it upside
down when he says I am not a tyrant he's saying I am a tyrant when he's saying I am a defender of democracy he's saying I
am not a defender of democracy yeah
yeah when he says Unity he means
disunity that's how the magic of the Tyrant works baby how else do you think they get in power besides lying
tyrants are marked by their tongue that has no truth it has no truth and if you
love I'm going to say this to those of you who love the Tyrant I'm gonna say it because I have a lot of viewers who love
the Tyranny and they say well what about don't be political and what about Joe Biden Joe Biden's an old coot who needs
to step aside or needs to be found incompetent and then step aside
forcefully it doesn't matter who you're going to
push I'm talking to those of you who love tyranny who look into the eyes of Jesus
Christ and see the bronze orange yeah I want you to see it let's
see it chewy let's see it let's go this is Project Talos isn't it yeah they they needed a warmup here when our Tech was
going south Give me the give me the next one before he extends to them The Faculty of judging and guides them with
Justice and purifies them with his brilliant light you know what kind of gods the founders of democracy worshiped
those who protect by means of justice
justice justice as soon as money entered the
Supreme Court we elevated a human being to the status of
an untouched table Divinity that is raw greed it is raw
greed do you know what the historians 100 years from now will say they will say America was consumed by its own
greed they gave away everything for their greed give me givee givee givee do
you want it do you want the prosperity you want the blessing you want the eternal life you do you do don't you and
that's why you're here you're here for the spanking and the
misery and unfortunately it's pretty awful it's pretty awful what's coming
right give me the next one give me the next one let's see let's see oh
God for Plato himself said oh no see what's happening this dude libanus he's
quoting Plato now right he doesn't know where I think this is cute he says for Plato himself says
somewhere that our race was by Nature doomed to toil and so the gods pied us and gave us dionis and the muses and we
recognize that helos is the common Lord since he is celebrated as the father of
dionisis and the leader of the muses we are in Satan cult do you know what democracy is and
I'm going to satisfy every Christian it's going to click in the mind of every Evangelical out there every Christian
who wears the red hat which is the equ equivalent to saying the swasti if you want my opinion every person who has
tried to make deuts Uber Alis I want you to
see it's coming to us through the Muse through
dionis we have our saturnian our satanic
gods those are the gods that gave us democracy Jesus Christ
didn't Jesus Christ did not give you democracy Paul the Apostle that junkie
did not give you democracy all those kids that worked for Jesus those runaways that you call Apostles all of
those kids that were prostituted when he was arrested in a public park with a naked kid saying I'm not a
trafficker all of that was not a part of democracy
let's give me another one give me the next next one they know it they feel it they know it's right watch this watch
this people here's a here's a glorious one for the Romans themselves not only belong to the Greek race wait what what
I sit here and I tell you guys um Greek is the great language that is the most
successful uh and the most highly formed human language out there period that we
have period by far by far and what happens I tell you all the time the
Romans they're always trying to well you know Latin has some positive things to it too and you know why they're doing it
because everybody knows as they watch Greek take over and as the Emperors begin to write in Greek because why
would you write in Latin it just can't confer what the Greek can confer right okay for the Romans themselves not only
belong to the Greek race but also the sacred ordinances and the pious belief in the gods which they have established
and maintained are from beginning to end and Greek coming from the language not the
people right not the ethnicities coming from the
language and we know people walk around and say Jews and Gentiles you know that didn't exist what did people say Greeks
and barbarians those are the two they classified people on their
language wow what a monstrously powerful gor gous lady mother Greek is and beside
this they have established a constitution not inferior to that of any one of the best governed states do you
think the Christians were talking about constitutions no
no that's not how theocracy works it's not how monism
works if indeed it be not Superior to all others that have ever been put into
practice for which reason I myself recognized says libanus that our city is
Greek both in descent and in its Constitution let me tell you this today
America is Greek in descent it is Greek in its
Constitution the people who formed it were bre breathing The Ether of that
classical Source they were breathing it's ether oh God
it was that Fifth Element thing ah the vapors of it were so freeing we're so
freeing give me the next one chewy give me the next one boom now I'm gonna put some Greek up
here since I've been not putting up a lot of Greek tonight look what we're doing here's the himym to Helios here's
the hymn to Helios and I just want you to say you know in the beginning saying hey K Muse you know tell me daughter of
Zeus tell me about helus him right him that guy right who is born from so and so and so
and talks about the genealogy of Gia and uranos and he talks about Hyperion as
his father right the aan who who is who is um Yuri fisa that
that glorious shining one who is the mother of Helios who is she who is she
she is the cousin the relation of Helios why is this because
this is saturnian physics saturnian physics who did they
produce they produced The Dawn right they produced The
Dawn are we Dawn Bringers in the Satan tradition very much literally and this
Satan tradition you can be proud you can be proud as American
that your democracy came from this dawnbringer came from this
tradition oh God give me the next one give me the next one um now that the
human race possesses its knowledge of God by Nature okay where are we going
back to we're going back to Julian we're going back to libanus we're going back to the
pagans we're going back to the pagans um who are
um being persecuted by the red hat wearers of their day right who already
have their Emperor Chosen and created oh and he was there he's put there by God look how God blessed him oh the tears in
my eyes right these are the people and what is what does that generation of
pagans have to say to them now that the race the human race possesses its
knowledge of God by nature and not from teaching is proed to us first of all by
the universal yearning for the Divine that is in all people whether private or
communities what does the pagans say in response to the monism your faith is
everything to you says the Pagan to the monest your faith is everything but you know what faith is something handed down
from person to person we go to the source we go nature we follow
reason and nature via reason always brings us to that beautiful beautiful
lady always brings us to her she who creates I got here by her didn't you
didn't you get here I got here um were you culated into existence
I was I was there was a time when my mother and my father you know put on
some music right and there was something going on between them there's some kind of chemistry some kind of power do you
know who Athena protects she protects our ability to enter into that
relationship she gives us a safe haven where Aphrodite can be worshiped you say
Athena leads to Aphrodite yes she does check out the early Kings of Athens and
what she does to them oh god oh I can't stand the beauty of this it's
overwhelming it's totally overwhelming people out there wonderful
we're almost let's get to this one look we haven't even got a Talos yet shall I now go on to tell you how Helios took
thought for the health and the safety of all men by getting a sleepious to be the savior of the whole world you know what
happens God gave us his son to be the Savior the great
physician what have we made As Americans in
2024 we have made a savior we have made a savior and the
Christians will say no no he is not the Savior Jesus Christ is a savior if you
cannot see a person's love for their
savior I'm sorry but the love is there you have
your savior and his name is Donald Trump give me the next one give me the next
one tyranny tyranny of tyranny moreover the founder of our city for not only does Zeus who is glorified as the father
of all things inhabited Citadel together with Athena and Aphrodite but Apollo
also dwells on the Palatine Hill right in Rome who are the Romans worshiping
who is the Lady of the Seven Hills and who is being worshiped
the leader of the Muse the leader of the Muse Apollo himself right on the
Palatine Hill why because we want the vision of the future we want to know and
give it to us he's about to give it to us what is that vision for the Romans what was that vision of the future boom
boom boom next one boom those
and the closed conjunction of Helios and selini who share the Empire of the over the visible world even as it had caused
his soul to descend to Earth and like man are change to mount upwards they're talking about Resurrection Incarnation
the Mortal body part of his body so clearly did she who creates Earthly
matter she's whose whose plac is at the furthest point below the sun she
received queerness when he was sent down to earth by Athena goddess of
forethought how do the Romans bring this future telling capacity to everyone
that's in the next one how do they do it are you ready for this do you want me to talk yet about another proof I mean the
work of King Numa are you ready are you ready here it is here is what
protected Rome from Christianity
here's what protected and these people who he's about to talk about
these people were the first targets of the Christians are you ready I mean the
work of Numa in Rome Maiden priestesses guard the undying flame of Helios at
different hours in turn they guard the fire that is produced on Earth by the
agency of the god they prevent the rise of
tyrants if you do not have these maiden priestesses of the flame in some sort or
some way you will lose your power to the
Tyrant the Tyrant will take everything oh and he is so ready he is so ready to
execute his righteous Godly Justice he is so ready to bring to you the
apocalypse that all of us with red hats are so crazy for and the rest of us who
don't wear red hats but do go to church we want it too we want it too how
about those of us with Red Hats who are sitting in Congress we want it
too it's lovely it's lovely isn't it don't you think the devil is brilliant
look at him he's sitting he's sitting there you just imagine his big desk that
he's got there you know he has his meetings out he puts his feet up he's got his Hoops out and he's he's like
well what do you think what do you think it's worked pretty tight wound up pretty good isn't it and all you got to
do is make them miserable by showing them the future I was like oh God you
are the man you are the man devil you are the man
you are the Satan King W it's gorgeous give me the next one give me the next
one I want to bring you a little greek and what this says here is libanius is talking about a friend that he went to
school with and this friend had an uncle now again here the echo the echo that
shows us the immediate future he's got this friend who's going to school right
and his this friend's family's estate has been removed it's been confiscated
by one of these religious laws right because you know he's been in the family for a long time etc etc now he
says this guy has an uncle who practices a closeness a communion with
the gods more than he does with people even though he knows the law expressly
forbids it under punishment of death under punishment of death if you don't
want to worship Jesus Christ if you don't want to worship Jesus
Christ if you don't want to worship Yahoo if you don't want to worship any of the monest atrocities that they call
Divinity if you don't want that I suggest you pay attention to what is
immediately in front of you immediately and you will sit there and say no no
like the Germans did I had a German ta I had a German TA in high school and it's
and this great school that I went to that was originally called special projects I had a great German
ta and I asked her once cuz she was old and you know she's long gone by now
um and I asked her I said you know uh what was it with you know the common ordinary person not the National
Socialist but you know just a common German what was it about the Tyrant and
she said you know what we went to his r IES we went to his rallies and we liked
him he was very optimistic he was all about unity and
restoring the greatness of
Germany how many years later am I now standing in that crowd of people I know
people in this crowd as everybody does I know worship shers of the Tyrant I know
them there's a lot of them in a state that calls itself the SE is sealed by
six simper tyrannis yeah they're all over the place
and guess what they're bringing you this past they're bringing you this past give
me the next one um you're not going to be able to you're not going to be able to have your reasoning when you're
handed a Bible and told this is the American this is the document this is
what they'll do this is the document upon which America was founded where my
guns right that's what they'll do you be waiting be waiting for it I watch the
crowd I watched the crowd in where was that chewy Vienna I watched a crowd now
we have a tape but I can't play it because somebody will strike somebody will complain and I'll get a strike of
some sort don't J don't play it um uh but I saw a
concert in Vienna I think it was via where Emma
Coke sang and everybody in the audience old and young men
women burst into tears burst into tears it was like you
were watching Divinity manifest itself and purpose and
life and Beauty and people were smiling and
crying what is the audience of the Tyrant
doing they're raising you a fist they're raising you a fist you are about to feel
the force of the tyrant in classical Antiquity they said that Tyrant is the
one who commits hubris hubris
hubris do you see your hubris can you look into that mirror and see your huus you Brits that are sitting
there by the way and you Canadians you Australians
yeah what do you think you like to watch America rule the world you like to watch
us police you like to watch us hold up an
example of what is freedom what is right what is beauty you look to
us to do that you passed us the torch now what are we going to do with
it America not only are your dead ancestors watching but the rest of the world is the attention is on you so
you're G to have to choose are you g to worship the Tyrant are you gon to love the orange
Hitler or are you gonna stand for what everybody in our family stood for when
they fought when they fought for this country yeah
yeah okay let's do it let's bring back the honor to those dead soldiers right
that son of the general who the Tyrant told die these people who die are
suckers right let's honor them in their memory and by the way if you are one of
those people who walk around and salutes and swears to defend the Constitution
and you support a person who stood on Graves and said these are
suckers well let me ask you this who's the sucker who's the real
sucker you're in Hell looking into a mirror of yourself and you are
dishonorable you are dishonorable we here at satanic initiation
we at initiating apocalypse we at the satanic congregation do you know who we
support we support those who sacrifice those who
sacrifice for those they love we support them we support them we don't love
support those who take power we support those who lay it down who lay down their
own blood yeah to my family that was killed
in the 1880s 70s and and 80s to my family that was killed from the generation that fought on the beaches
and Europe we owe them we owe them better give me the next one give me the next
one it's such a shame such shame what does our tradition say
look tell me Muse tell me who can do this all better tell me about that culan
girl tell me about her who who is she she's the one who created the Christ
give me the next one she is the origin of your monest Mysteries your monest
Mysteries have a polytheistic origin are you ready for this they have their own Tyrant and his name is Talos
josos means the bronze one this is Talos the bronze
who is Talos the bronze I think you know him already give
me the next one give me the next one there's this guy Talos and what does he do um he goes around crate he goes
around crate and he protects it and Jason and his Greek buddies are in a
ship and they have just abducted the Queen the princess the the the founder of the Magi
after whom the mes changed their name from Aran to me she is on the ship and they know that
there's this dude this guardian of bronze he's a Son of God he has been
clarified he has been shown to us to be of that generation to be of that
greatness he not only makes cre great again he is great and what does he do what does this
guy do give me that I'm sorry oh there yeah look he's waiting on the beach he's
waiting on the beach what is he doing there he's doing he's trying to stop you
from accessing the sand he's trying to keep you off right it belongs to him
everything belongs to him and what is he he is the last
remaining he they always see one of those people who was
hemic who is part god a very child of God a descendant when they talk about
the sons of God in Greek they're talking about these
Giants these Giants and who is he he's the last one left Talos and what happens
what happens the Greeks are scared the Greeks are scared right oh God what's he
gonna do this half good thing look at this half good thing oh man demig God
right demig God Trump what about the giant what about the giant three times
he goes around every day he goes around crate this bronze Menace give it to me
he's got his rallies all over the place remember what she said oh we love the rallies we loved Hitler's rallies they
were so inspiring excuse me you know and then
what did you think after you started hearing about what's happening in your population and people getting taken away
ah excuse me shame Eternal shame on
those who support and prop up the tyrants Eternal shame give me the next one give me the next one who is the man
with the bronze feet right Talos is the man with the bronze feet and you say to
yourself wait a minute does that mean anything well here it is again in Revelation who has the bronze feet in
Revelation who is the Son of God who is that H liano right who is that one who has
those bronze feet he's the one whose voice is as the voice of many
Waters give me the next one that is Jesus Christ do you see what mystery
we're in do you see what language we're using to the angel of the Church of
thyra write these things the Son of God speaks and he says the one who has the
eyes right the one who has the eyes who is the who is this one who's speaking he's the one who has the eyes what are
his eyes like they're like the flocks of Po they're like that flame they're like
that Brilliance of fire and his feet are the ones that are made of bronze do you
know whose feet are made of bronze the Tyrant with the flame in his eyes the
giant the Son of God the one who God reached into the life the life of the
whole planet and altered it just to save
his son just to save his son an inch
move it an inch and all of a sudden your stupid
businessman who's greedy and lies all the time become a God in the eyes of the red hat wearing
lovers of the orange yeah he becomes their God do you know what's more
unamerican give him some images um chewy give him some images do you know what's
more unamerican than the love of the
Tyrant nothing nothing if you follow a tyrant you do
not follow our ancestors where do you think you're going to end up where do you think your
soul is going to end up up here in this great Cosmos when all the shades are
mixed together what do you think you think it's going to end up with the people that hated tyrants you think it's going to end up with Henry Patrick Henry
I don't think it's going to I don't think it's going to no as a matter of
fact I think you're going to end up with some people who were talking about making
Germany great again I think that's what you're going to end up with turns out there's a lot there's a lot who support
the Tyrant you ask yourself why is it that the Nazis are always drawn it has
nothing to do with ideology it has everything to do with greed that stains
your souls with the stench of Ruin and this existance is your
purification we are going to show you exactly who you are and we are going to
make it painful when you look into that mirror and see yourself you're GNA be you're gonna be
really really confused but don't worry about that point it'll be over it'll be
over your apocalypse is coming oh God did he use that properly your apocalypse
is coming devil told me give him that one give me the next one quick hurry we've got to get through these we've got
to get through these there's just a couple more there's just a couple more people I wanted to pull in the septu or
the or the Bible U Old Testament whatever you want to call it because we've got these bronze feet and we're
really talking about literature that's all coming from the same time this is second century 1 Century uh BC and then
first century ad early second century same you know that's the period we're talking about that this literature is
coming from what does he say somebody's having visions who is it
it's Daniel right and he's having visions but his buddies aren't having
the Visions they aren't having the Visions they're just running around scared
they're just running around scared what what's going on right what are we seeing
we're seeing that lightning we're seeing that brightness of the flame right and our parts what are our
parts our parts are that bronze who are we talking about we're talking
about a God we're talking about bronze feet and
we're talking about the Fulfillment of Prophecy because that is
the ticket of the monest
prophetic fulfillment you mean all of this is about bringing in the apocalypse
and killing everybody else yep yep you got it you thought it was about
America you thought it was about democracy in the west no it's not it's about the Fulfillment of Prophecy give
me the next one um here's the here's the logical followup and I Daniel saw I
alone saw this Vision this opasan right what is it what is it um
the guys next to me right the guys with me he says um they didn't see it but I saw it they were just sitting there high
that's what it says easis give me the next one
easis this is what therein there in easis wait a minute your prophets were
on drugs yes the Beast that bears up lady Babylon is a
thec christing is the activity of applying
drugs e
[Music] ecstasy that's what it says on the
screen ecstasis right thank you for staying by the way all 756 of you thank you for
staying while we fly by the disturbances ecstasis you know what the prophets are
in do you know what Daniel is in he is in ecstasy this unic boy who had his
testicles cut off he he's an
ecstasy he's an ecstasy give me the next one and um what do I want to tell you I
just want to tell you this bronze stuff this stuff is unbreakable this stuff is
unbreakable okay the feet of the Tyrant that you have raised up to the status of
divine um they are Unbreakable
now as Greeks were really afraid but thankfully media stepped
forward in the middle of all of this media stepped forward and she said you know what listen to me I'm the only one
I know I'm the only one who can take this guy down whoever he is even if his flesh is
all bronze not just his feet but is all of his flesh is bronze
yeah um the only thing that I can't take down is that which is ionic she says
that right oh okay so this is something different this is a bit of magic so the
Greeks look at her and what do they do the next one they row out they row out
away from creit to get as far away from his casting of stones that they can get
cuz he's going around ripping the stones out throwing them at them right he's got that fist held up right these Stones
they're coming and the Greeks row out there and they're like hey they're looking for what what's she going to do
give me the next one what's she gonna do she's going watch this people what does she do what how how do you defeat how do
you defeat from a distance a bronze giant when you're on a ship what does
she do she takes the folds in her peplos her purple peplos and she pulled them
over her cheeks on both sides and she goes up to the deck next one and then
what does she do when she gets the death are you ready I'm about to show you the
Death From a Distance it's not what you think it's not what you think it is what
does the Tyrant do what does the Tyrant do he'll end up killing
himself happens every time happens you mean suicide no he will push the train
towards his own demise he'll push it right he'll push it to that bunker in
Berlin he'll push it to there or wherever they were where was that place I don't know um and what does she do
what does media do she steps up on the deck and she starts mollifying the K she starts singing and
who does she start singing about the K who devour your chest who devour your
heart who devour your mind what does she pray to she prays to
the dogs those dogs of Hades who are
Swift and where do these dogs of Hades come from they're in the air around you
they're in the air go ahead they descend upon you at her command
they descend upon you what do they bring they bring you Mania you want to be a
tyrant you want to be a tyrant the cure to the Tyrant is
not stepping in front of them the cure to the Tyrant is accelerating them to
bring their own doom and in the process everybody else gets punished isn't that
nice isn't that nice you purify the whole people by stuffing their face in their own
stupid reality give me the next one tell me not
to talk about politics what kind of what kind of person would do that what kind of person would do that yep that's next
one boom and what else does she do she gets down on her knees right and three
times she calls out in songs and in prayers three times she calls out now
watch what she does she think she makes her
mind and with this hatred in her
eyes she does something she transfers it to the bronze Tyrant she takes his
vision and she gives him the fury and what what is it that she's actually doing here's the verb here's the Greek
verb give me next one here's the Greek verb that she's actually doing to the
all right all right look at you you people are so patient thank you for we
only lost about 10 there they were like oh this guy's setup sucks
right it's the information's super slow Highway yeah look oh we lost some more
they're leaving they're like this guy's an idiot give me the next one quick before we lose anybody what does she do what does she do to him she are you
ready you're gonna get this now this is Project Talos you'll get it um this is
what she's gonna do she's going to Grudge the Tyrant okay I want you to
think about this is one of those Advanced Greek Concepts you know how you send the Mania
to the Tyrant to accelerate his Doom you Grudge him or you begrudge
him his power power should only be held by those
who are just the universe is out of order when the unjust
or those who have usurped Justice are now in
control so media begrudges him that power do you see what happens what she
is doing mentally with the image give me the next one what she's doing mentally with the image she is begrudging him and
what happens she throws at him her whole on her ho on she makes
fantasies that will correspond to the
maddening uh serpent Venom fantasies for your mind do you
know what tyrants do when they are anointed by God they become
paranoid they all become paranoid because it's not right for them to have
power and in the middle of their souls they know the lies are all lies and I
have sert Justice to be here they know that instinctively nature
puts that within them and do you know what that does to the human mind to know
that you have taken power and you are illegitimate to know that you have cast
aside Justice it makes you afraid because
there's always another attempt coming tyrants are never never safe
they're never safe what happens to the Mind under
these circumstances well let me tell you what happened to Talos he got really
pissed off he got really pissed off while media is doing this he is getting
really pissed off and he kills himself yeah he brushes up against a a
sharp Rock and cuts open a vein and his leg and he bleeds himself out all his
holy ior comes out yeah that is the fate of the Tyrant
it will happen exactly that
way exactly as the Paradigm of the mystery demands that it takes place
exactly in the same way it's physics people it's physics now we just know if
we just know those songs we can come to the aid of America
give me the next one give me the next one I want you to see what do they attribute this power to are you ready
anybody who's into politics and say where is this going to come from what is this going to be some kind of movement
no it's going to be by the bre by the bre of much drug using media what is bre
what is bre what's the secret ingredient that she's got that we all need to take
down the Talos strength might
bellowing roaring you can remember they're Farmers right farmers and herders and stuff right so okay but look
at number three what is that it's feminine
something Guna means feminine what is it means
literally means literally to make something the not speakable something
that we can't speak about what is her power what is her bre are you ready here
it comes you thought we were far from the Bible we're not this is where the people who made the Bible took their
information from what is AR po to practice unmentionable
vice unmentionable vice thank you historian of Victorian England
uh practice unmentionable Vice can we be a little more specific what is that filthy loudness lady filthy loudness is
the power that will kill the Tyrant lady
filthy loudness I'm going to leave that to
settle on your brain give me the next one lady filthy lewdness what are these
things what what is that AOS it's really that which cannot be spoken or expressed
but I want you to look at the very bottom line what can you talk about as something that's Aros you can talk about
theara you mean the Eucharist did you think that we had left the the mystery religions of Judaism and
Christianity no no we didn't leave those we're squarely in their world and this
is why John or whoever wrote The Apocalypse who clipped out all of the
Sian oracles and then put them into orders that they weren't supposed to go in and Sh shaved it here and tucked it
here right whoever did that and came up with the apocalypse they call The Apocalypse of
John they understood that this is how the mystery
Works to them the seals were not what you consider
seals yeah they were drugs we've seen that we're we're drugging people we're
giving them visions and we're controlling them all right give me the next one give me the next one and we're
doing it as Christians what do uh what do they do um after the Tyrant Falls and
everybody's like Yay right and all the supporters of tyrant like oh right what happens we set
up a holy Shrine are you ready this is going to blow for those of you who do a little bit of the history and a bit the
literature is going to blow you away we set up a shrine to Athena the
Manan that's what it says Athena the Menan do you know where media ends up at
the end of the argonautica she ends up at Thea
prophesying and the skin of Athena the
minoan yeah oh God gorgeous gorgeous give me the next one this is our last
one um remember she's the Cure she's the cure to Talos she's the only one that
can cure the problem I wanted to bring this last passage to show you a couple of words I want you to go to the first
word on the second line babusa I want you to notice that it says
baptize I want you to go two words in on that second line to the third word konos
I want you to notice the cocan is there you mean the formula that they're using in the alisan mystery they're using it
here yes it's a component it is a compound itself but it's a component of other formula and media is
using it and what is she using it as PHA as those
drugs those drugs and where is she putting it K of thalon on the third line
into the eyes she means she is christing yep she is the first Christ and she in
christing is entering herself into a state where she can drive you
mad it's therapeutic people it's therapeutic to watch yourself on the
stage of life to watch your own tyranny your religion is not what you
think it is your God is not who you think he is and you are not who you
think you are thank you for coming tonight and thank you for putting up
with all of the interruptions we still made it through I
want to say thank you to Teddy Bas because his latest album is gorgeous and
I want to thank him for that and I want to thank chewy for putting a lot of time into making videos these videos are
meant to control your brain thank you for coming tonight Hil
Satan work you on Triple Beam 1212 seashells by the ton Athena's love
rubber dub dub I'm flipping tables cashing checks take it to the bank at
the gates of Babylon The Wolf Man regulates Avalon Avalon lady media lapis
lazuli lines the walls The Muse sings with me extra
illumination for the vibration I have under me the knowledge of our Genesis
Crystal Towers The Punisher Frank Castle Purple Rain for the Muse I sing her
favorite song All Night Long no stems no seeds that you don't need got a bag of
goodies ice creamy cream hail Satan close My Eyes
Forever coming through In Waves powerhouse on the Hill House of
Frankenstein Darkness through dreams I Dream of
Genie high purple my de she work C High
purple high purple high purple you work
you high purple high purple high purple my you work
you high purple high purple high purple
purple you work you high purple high
purple high purple baby hple
[Music]